## SAWfilterbandwidth.R

Overall transfer function plot of a simple SAW filter.
Discrete course from 65x10^6 Hz zo 125x10^6 Hz in 0.1 steps.
Plot results normalized in y direction over H_0 (ω_0 ).

## die_on_wafer.R

The solution for the most good dies on a wafer can be found numericly. The program die_on_wafer.R just do that. In a nutshell it overlays the wafer with an grid of points and than translat the wafer step by step relatively to the grid. In each step the program check how many points are in the wafer. The solution with the most points is most likely the best. The maximum of translation is given by the dimantions of one die. The Program was written in R.

## plotting_of_measurements.R

This program simply plots the data generated by the spectrum analyzer and saves it as an image. All data from all designs must be saved in one folder. This folder must be specified in the program (see comment in code). 

NOTE: for a well-functioning program, please add a "p" at the end of the phase files!! Also use ".csv" and not ".CSV" as file extension.

## calculations_of_measurement.R

This program performs all necessary calculations in connection with the measurements during the electrical characterization.
It calculates all uncertainties and fine reproductions. Calculated data are plotted with an error bar.
All important results are exported as CSV file.

NOTE: for a well-functioning program, put all xlsx files in on folder and specific it in the programm. Also if data is missing in the xlsx pleas delete this data for this specific design. Also define the uncertainties!!!

## All rights reserved 
Sebastian Stadler 
Germany
